# radar_signal_demodulation
1. Consider a single isotropic antenna A located at the origin, transmitting a signal of frequency fc along with a target T at a distance d from the antenna as shown in Figure 1. Derive an expression for the received signal at the target assuming the movement of the target is negligible.
3. Two isotropic antenna elements are now rotated with a frequency fm in a circle of radius R centered at the origin as shown in Figure 2. The two antennas are transmitting signals of frequency fc − f0 and fc + f0 respectively . Using the expres- sion obtained in 1 derive an expression for the signal received by the target. Note: you must not assume the position vectors to the two antennas from the target is parallel. You may take R << d Include all assumptions made.
4. Now consider a third antenna located at the origin in addition to the rotating antennas, transmitting a carrier of frequency fc which is amplitude modulated by a message signal is sin(2πfmt). Using matlab/python write code to simulate above scenario and plot the signal received by the target.
Note: All the parameters given below are of a hypothetical system.
• fc =107Hz • f0 =960Hz • fm =30Hz • d = 200km • θ = 30◦
4. Implement the receiver of the target and demodulate the above signal using mat- lab/python and plot the signals at each demodulation stage. Determine θ using the demodulated signal.
5. In 3 we assumed two antennas are rotated. This rotation can be electronically simulated by a circular array of antenna elements. Taking this scenario into account write a matlab/python code to transmit the same signals as in 3. Compare the received signal by the target with that of 3. Note: Cosine blending must be utilized while transmitting. Demodulation in not required.
